Return Results human readable bug (#29301)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_32_29.md

#### Scripts

##### CommonServerPython

> - Fixed a bug that failed to return results to the war room, when no human-readable output provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in **CommandResults** object where it failed to return results to the war room, when no human-readable output was provided.
```
